master table

create table master_tweets(
created_at date,
id integer,
id_str varchar(75),
text varchar(75),
user_id integer,
user_id_str varchar(75),
user_name varchar(75),
user_screen_name varchar(75),
user_location varchar(75),
user_protected smallint,
user_verified smallint,
user_followers_count integer,
user_friends_count integer,
user_listed_count integer,
user_favourites_count integer,
user_statuses_count integer,
user_created_at varchar(75),
user_utc_offset integer,
user_time_zone varchar(75),
user_geo_enabled smallint,
user_lang varchar(75),
user_contributors_enabled smallint,
user_is_translator smallint,
geo_type varchar(75),
geo_coord_lat float,
geo_coord_long float,
coordy_type varchar(75),
cordy_coord_lat float,
cordy_coord_long float,
place_id varchar(75),
place_type varchar(75),
place_name varchar(75),
place_ctry_code varchar(75),
place_country varchar(75),
place_full_name varchar(75),
retweet_count integer,
favorite_count integer,
favorited smallint,
retweeted smallint,
possibly_sensitive smallint,
filter_level varchar(75),
lang varchar(75),
timestamp_ms varchar(75)
);

tweet_info:

create table tweet_info(
created_at date,
id integer,
id_str varchar(50),
text varchar(50),
user_id integer,
geo_type varchar(50),
geo_coord_lat float,
geo_coord_long float,
coordy_type varchar(50),
cordy_coord_lat float,
cordy_coord_long float,
place_id varchar(50),
place_type varchar(50),
place_name varchar(50),
place_ctry_code varchar(50),
place_country varchar(50),
place_full_name varchar(50),
retweet_count integer,
favorite_count integer,
favorited smallint,
retweeted smallint,
possibly_sensitive smallint,
filter_level varchar(50),
lang varchar(50),
timestamp_ms varchar(50)
);


user_info:


create table user_info(
user_id integer,
user_id_str varchar(50),
user_name varchar(50),
user_screen_name varchar(50),
user_location varchar(50),
user_protected smallint,
user_verified smallint,
user_created_at varchar(50),
user_utc_offset integer,
user_time_zone varchar(50),
user_geo_enabled smallint,
user_lang varchar(50),
user_contributors_enabled smallint,
user_is_translator smallint);


user_count_info:


create table user_count_info(
user_id integer,
user_followers_count integer,
user_friends_count integer,
user_listed_count integer,
user_favourites_count integer,
user_statuses_count integer
);